Contributing standards (#248)
cerner/terra-ui: src/terra-dev-site/contributing/EntranceCriteria.a.contributing.mdx

# Entrance Criteria

> 

Reviewer: We should move these sections from the pre-reqs page:
- prereqs intro paragraph
- https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/prerequisites#project-governance
- https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/prerequisites#we-welcome-prs-regarding

Then we can add a blur for medium or large contributions that are not included in the 'pr welcome list' to mention we accept larger contribution but require a stricter process because of the topics outlines here with UX Approval, Propietary concerns, etc.

Reviewer 2: I think it makes more sense to re-name this section 'New component entrance criteria and to move the governance and we welcome Prs sections to the contributing doc

Reviewer 2: Actually I've added the governance and code of conduct sections as their own pages on the getting started page

## UX Approval

> Any component that gets added in Terra, requires the approval of Cerner's UX design team. This team ensures general UX consistency of the Terra component library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terra requires the approval of Cerner's UX design team for both component enhancements and new components added to our library. This team ensures general UX consistency of the Terra component library. To start the contribution process, be sure to log an issue for the UX team to review.
```

## Proprietary Concerns

Terra is open source. Thus, components should not leak or depend on internal Cerner intellectual property.

## Reusability

As Terra is a multi-concept UX library, all the components that are contained therein must be broadly reusable. Thus, Terra excludes the inclusion of niche components with a small amount of consumers.

## Meets Existing Standards

Terra has a set of standards that *must* be followed by all components.  This includes:

* Accessibility
* Browser Support
* Theme Support

> * i18n Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Internationalization Support
```

i18n may not be a commonly understood term for non-engineers
